(Version 2)

[Before executing the program]

- Make sure to install the latest python3 version onto your system. Technically any python 3.x version should be fine, but install the latest one (3.6.3 as of 11/27/2017) from python.org just to be sure.
- This program works on Windows, Mac, and Linux machines. Make sure to execute the program on one of the three operating systems.
- If you are executing the program on anything other than Windows, please comment out line 9 of src/login_windows.py as the winsound import only works on windows at the moment.
- When asked for a due date when creating a question set, make sure to use the format: "MM/DD/YY h:mmAM" or "MM/DD/YY h:mmPM" (without quotes). eg: 1/01/17 12:00AM

[Setup]

1. Open terminal/cmd (depending on OS) and navigate to the src folder
2. Type python3 login_windows.py to launch the application.
3. Select relevant user type to be brought to the appropriate login window.
4. Existing users can enter their username and password and then click 'Login' to login. New users must first register using a unique username and password before the login will recognize them.

(Students)

Students may select from a list of possible question sets which are present in the question set directory.
Once selected, a student answers all questions in the set sequentially until the end is reached; at which they are assigned a score.
Students are not allowed to take questions sets whose due date has passed
Students are allowed only to take question sets and cannot write or modify them

(Instructors)

Instructors may create new question sets of type multiple choice or text input(currently not runnable by students). They may also specify a due date and number of questions in a set.
While creating questions in a set, instant feedback may be toggled on and off based on the question.
At the end of creating all questions for a set a prompt appears to specify the name of the file the set will be saved under. 
This file will overwrite other files in the directory if they have the same filename.

[Debugging Shortcuts]

As an administrative/debug shortcut, the program is also able to be run directly from
the question creation menu.

To do this follow the above steps but instead run the file:
question_type_select.py - To go directly to question set creation

Be aware that this method of running the program is not officially supported and may cause unexpected behaviour.

[Other Useful Information]

Raw Student and Instructor user account information is stored within the respectively named folders.
Question Sets are stored in a similar manner.
Be aware that the behaviour of the program is undefined in the case that either of these folders or their subdirectories are modified.

(Version 1)

Note: Because our program technically doesn't have a unified screen for both professors and students, for now you will have to execute different files for the student and professor version of the program.

Student: From the src folder, type python3 student_question_set.py in terminal to execute.

Professor: From the src folder, type python3  question_type_select.py in terminal to execute.
